userspace prolongation (#769)
parthenon-hpc-lab/parthenon: docs/interface/RefinementOperations.md

# Prolongation and Restriction Operations

When mesh refinement is enabled, variables between different
refinement regions must be communicated via prolongation and
restriction. The default operations used for cell-centered variables
are averaging weighted by cell volume for restriction and linear
interpolation with minmod limiting for prolongation.

## User-Defined Operations

A user may define their own prolongation and restriction
operations. To do so, you must define a struct, templated on

> dimension, with a void method `Do` with tthe following signature:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dimension, containing only a void function `Do` with the following signature:
```

```C++
KOKKOS_FORCEINLINE_FUNCTION static void
Do(const int l, const int m, const int n, const int ck, const int cj, const int ci,
   const IndexRange &ckb, const IndexRange &cjb, const IndexRange &cib,
   const IndexRange &kb, const IndexRange &jb, const IndexRange &ib,
   const Coordinates_t &coords, const Coordinates_t &coarse_coords,
   const ParArray6D<Real> *pcoarse, const ParArray6D<Real> *pfine)
```

where `l`, `m`, `n` are the indices of a variable object not tied to

> mesh (for example the tensor indices of a rank 3 tensor). `ck`, `cj`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mesh (for example the tensor indices of a rank 3 tensor, or 0,0,1 for a scalar). `ck`, `cj`,
```

Author: Should be
```suggestion
mesh (for example the tensor indices of a rank 3 tensor, or 0,0,0 for a scalar). `ck`, `cj`,
```

and `ci` are `k`, `j`, and `i` indices of the cell on the coarse
buffer. `ckb`, `cjb`, `cib` are the `k`, `j`, and `i` indexrange
bounds for the coarse buffer. `kb`, `jb`, and `ib` are the same but on

> teh fine buffer. `coords` and `coarse_coords` are the coordinates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the fine buffer. `coords` and `coarse_coords` are the coordinates
```
